British English Academy.
B2 listening activity.
Course: B2 Confident English.
Module 6: B2 Review, Presentations and Integrated Assessment.
Lesson 4: B2 Review, Presentations and Integrated Assessment: Listening Lesson 4.
Listen for the argument, contrast and evidence.
Listen carefully. You will hear the model once, then answer the question.
Learning objective: Learners can argue, evaluate, clarify and organise detailed communication in a listening task about culture.
Today you will practise language connected to culture.
Target language: modal perfect.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise listening for b2 review, presentations and integrated assessment. You will learn useful language connected to culture and practise modal perfect. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at B2 level.